update `BarcodeDetector` exceptions and parameters (#30343)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/barcodedetector/barcodedetector/index.md

    in the subsequent {{domxref('BarcodeDetector.detect()','detect()')}} calls. The
    options are:

    - `formats` {{optional_inline}}
      - : An {{jsxref('Array')}} of barcode formats as strings.

>         To see a full list of supported formats see the [Barcode Detection API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Barcode_Detection_API).

Reviewer: I feel like this is useful to know:

```suggestion
        If not provided, `detect()` calls search for all supported formats.
        Limiting to specific formats is therefore recommended for performance reasons.
        To see a full list of supported formats see the [Barcode Detection API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Barcode_Detection_API).
```

    in the subsequent {{domxref('BarcodeDetector.detect()','detect()')}} calls. The
    options are:

    - `formats` {{optional_inline}}
      - : An {{jsxref('Array')}} of barcode formats as strings.
        If not provided, `detect()` calls search for all supported formats.
        Limiting to specific formats is therefore recommended for performance reasons.

>         To see a full list of supported formats see the [Barcode Detection API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Barcode_Detection_API).

Author: ```suggestion
        To see a full list of supported formats see the {{domxref("Barcode Detection API")}}.
```
